README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Four card feature section solution

This is a solution to the [Four card feature section challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/four-card-feature-section-weK1eFYK). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

<div float="left">
  <img src="./design/mobile-design.jpg" width="14.2%" />
  <img src="./design/desktop-preview.jpg" width="70%" />
</div>

### Links

- Solution URL: [Frontend mentor solution](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/four-card-feature-challenge-lGFEVtz_Kg)
- Live Site URL: [Live demo](https://four-card-features-challenge-rbxc.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

doc: add author & acknowledgments section

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Four card feature section solution

This is a solution to the [Four card feature section challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/four-card-feature-section-weK1eFYK). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size

<div float="left">
  <img src="./design/mobile-design.jpg" width="14.2%" />
  <img src="./design/desktop-preview.jpg" width="70%" />
</div>

### Links

- Solution URL: [Frontend mentor solution](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/four-card-feature-challenge-lGFEVtz_Kg)
- Live Site URL: [Live demo](https://four-card-features-challenge-rbxc.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

## Author

- Github - [Geminii](https://github.com/Geminii)
- Dev.to - [Geminii](https://dev.to/geminii)
- Frontend Mentor - [@Geminii](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Geminii)

## Acknowledgments

Thanks Frontendmentor for this really cool challenge ❤️

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
